Piece which can move to any spot which enemy pieces can move to

Goblin - Moves like a queen at first, but once it takes a piece, 
    it "kidnaps" that piece and has to take it back to home base
    After taking a piece, the goblin moves like a king until it reaches it's home square. 
    Once it reaches the home square, the "kidnapped" piece is changes color to that of who took it.
    If the goblin is taken by an enemy piece while it has a piece kidnapped, 
    the kidnapped piece is placed where the goblin was located, and the taking piece can move again


Mind control piece

Blender piece
    The blender has an internal point score. It starts with a point value of 0, and for each piece it takes, that piece's value is added to the blender's point value. 
    The player controlling the blender can make use a turn to turn the blender into *any* piece of equal or lower value to itself.
    Maybe add limit to how many point blencerrt can be worth??

Jackhammer piece
    When taken (or taking another piece? would only be able to use once), the Jackhammer creates a hole where it once was. The hole acts as a barrier.

Dog
    It shits and the shit is slippery

Skibidi
    Stuns all pieces (enemy and ally) in a given circle radius. They can no longer move due to extreme brainrot.
    No effect on others (phase 1) -> the 4 non-diagonal neighboring cells (circle of radius with 1, phase 2) -> 
        a circle with a radius of 2 (phase 3) -> a circle with a radius of 3 (phase 4)
    This effect is removed once the Skibidi is captured, or another neutralizing Skibidi enters the Brainrot radius.
    Any Skibidi (enemy or ally) entering the Brainrot radius acts as a neutralizing Skibidi.
    After being neutralized, the Skibidi is set back to phase 1.
    The Skibidi can move, but it is set back to phase 1 each time it moves.
    Increasing the radius of brainrot uses a move.
    If there is no opposing Skibidi, the maximum phase your Skibidi can reach is 3.
    It moves like a king (to any directly neighboring cells), but cannot take other pieces. 
    It can take other Skibidis
    If your Skibidi your enemy cannot make a move due to your Brainrot, 
        you win by Brainrot instead of stalemate being declared.
    If your Skibidi is captured while your opponent's Skibidi is in phase 4, there is nothing you can do.

    Aesthetics;
        The Skibidi has a unique sprite for each phase.
            Phase 1; Closed toilet.
            Phase 2; Slightly opened toilet.
            Phase 3; Completely open toilet.
            Phase 4 (God help us all); Skibidi Toilet.
        Upon winning by Brainrot, a sound effect is played.